Welcome to the wild, no heroes and villains
Welcome to the war we've only begun, so
Pick up your weapon and face it
There's blood on the crown go and take it
You get one shot to make it out alive, so
Higher and higher you chase it
It’s deep in your bones, go and take it
This is your moment, now is your time, so
Prove yourself and
RISE
Make 'em remember you
Push through hell and
RISE
They will remember you
Welcome to the climb up, reach for the summit
Visions pray that one false step lead the end, so
Higher and higher you chase it
It's deep in your blood, go and take it
This is your moment, take to the skies, go
Prove yourself and
RISE
Make 'em remember you
Push through hell and
RISE
They will remember you
So get along, so get along, go
Get along 'long get a move on up
And as you fight among the death beneath the dirt
Do you know yet?
Do you want it?
And when the giants call to ask you what you're worth
Do you know if,
Win or die, you'll
Prove yourself and
RISE
Make 'em remember you
Push through hell and
RISE
They will remember you
Prove yourself and
RISE
Pick up your weapon and face it
It’s deep in your blood, go and take it
RISE
Higher and higher you chase it